10/11/2025 
Save your previous session.
1. There is no cohesiveness with the landing pages for the 'Commverse Apps'. 
2. 'Commverse' is the name of the 3 apps, we've built.  /send /livechat /inbox.  
3. These three apps make up the BusinessBlueprint.io's Communication Channel.
4. Each landing pages CTA Should have:  Get Started with /(name), View Pricing and Try Live Demo.
4a. The highlight color for each page should match the color in the icon.  /send is hex#E6B747, /inbox is hex#0080FF and hex#FC6ACD, and /livechat is hex#8000FF.  These colors should be used anytime you don't use black.  Even when you do an accent color of the main highlight color, it should just be a lighter shade of that color.
5. In the menu we currently have 'Inbox' showing on all pages.  But this should change to Commverse and when you hover, it would have the three apps /send /livechat /inbox also, and they would appear exactly as they do in apps. 
6. They should be listed on the a la carte as individual options for subscriptpions, $35 for any 1 of the 3.  And $75 for all 3.
7. They should have their own pricing page.  The table should look something like the 7th attachment, but customized to our dynamic.  The 8th attachment is a pricing tab

le, that i like the look of.  Using our Hex# colors, (it also has the same 4 colors) create a table for all three, showing purchase of one, and then all 3.
They should have a landing page 'Commverse' that explains the innovative approach and offering.
8. We need to change the verbiage on the attachments 4-6.  Your content implies that we are do not have the ability to work autonomously, but that's not true is it?  We want to convey the message, that although we have been built to work autonomously, our stregth is when all 3 work together and can use the analytics of the others to create the best outcome.
9. There needs to be an element AI for the /inbox and how it operates.  It should have the ability to setup answering basic questions and grow from there.  Is that possible.
FYI. Commverse is a mini ecosystem inside the big ecosystem BlueLink.  Which is the three websites combined.
Commverse is the mini ecos

ystem within our ecosystem, Blue Link.